enhancement(elasticsearch sink): Add option to specify a default index if template cannot be resolved for Elasticsearch destination index (#21953)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/add_default_fallback_index_elasticsearch_destination.enhancement.md

> Add an option to Elasticsearch destination to set a default fallback index if the provided template in the `bulk.index` field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add an option to Elasticsearch sink to set a fallback index if the provided template in the `bulk.index` field
```
